---
title: "Jersey"
date: 2023-07-01T14:20:59+05:30
draft: false
---

An inspiring and heart-touching movie that stays longer in our minds, by Gowtam Tinnanuri. Anirudh's music is a huge plus that resonates with emotions and adds to the intensity of scenes. Set in the background of 1986 and 1996, it revolves around a late bloomer Arjun, who dreams of getting into the Indian Cricket Team at the age of 36, and Sarah, with parallel screenplay involving both times similar to his previous movie Malli Raava. Brilliant display of emotions by the lead pair, and it's hard to imagine any other actor than Nani as Arjun. Gowtam conveyed everything through emotions and doesn't reason out much on the decisions Arjun and Sarah take. It could have ended up in many different ways, but the director wanted to tell everyone to work hard for what they love.

1. Maybe the key to being happy for yourself is to do what you like every day irrespective of whom you share your life with. Arjun tried being happy without playing cricket by just living with Sarah, but he doesn't. The smile on his face is mostly seen while he is playing cricket.
2. Courage is important in life. Arjun was only courageous when he played cricket. Once he stopped, he ran away from fights with Sarah and never fought back except to play cricket. He gained courage and expressed his anger on Sarah only after playing cricket in the older phase.
3. Love goes unnoticed with all the drama happening around. Sarah, like most women, wanted a simple and happy life. She never left Arjun, trusted him, supported him and broke ties with her family to stay with him. But it didn't turn out as expected as they failed to communicate much in their older phase.
4. There is innocence and honesty in Arjun and he couldn't get his job back again. He is angry, talented yet innocent. It's a very difficult situation to be in as he needs others' love and support to grow further. And everyone trusted and supported him. He earned it by being good towards others. Never stop being good.
5. Maybe we could accomplish a lot more when we are happily busy with our life. Arjun fixes the leaking rooftop after he becomes busy with cricket. He doesn't bother thinking about it when he is jobless.
6. The importance of money is unclear unless you face those situations and it makes you do despicable acts. Arjun was sad without money and tried to steal from Sarah. Money could never buy happiness but lessens your sadness and gives us more freedom. Work hard to earn and spend wisely.
7. One thing that stands out is the father-son relationship, which is something to aspire for. Arjun wanted to be a hero for his son, that brought the best out of him.
9. Sarah always felt Arjun stopped playing cricket because of her. For Arjun, responsibilities start deciding things in his life and this happens with everyone. Father and Mother are responsible for family, business owners for their business and employees. So, it's important to choose that responsibility wisely because it's difficult to go back from them.
10. There is friction in communication between Arjun and Sarah. Arjun doesn't tell Sarah about his disease (maybe he doesn't want her to worry about it and lose her peace). He doesn't discuss playing cricket again either (maybe he is afraid that he can't convince her). That brings us to the dilemma: Is it better to communicate everything to your partner and make convincing decisions for overall betterment, or is it better to not tell certain things, as you care about each other, or it's difficult to convince about a thing and end up not pursuing it altogether? It depends on how far you are willing to go for the relationship, how much can you lose yourself in the process?